# Introduction
The [project Set Attributes XML file](/acep-uaf/MiGRIDS/blob/master/MiGRIDS/Model/Resources/Setup/projectSetAttributes.xml) contains the values that are different from the base case scenario for a `set` of simulations. Once this file has been filled out, running [generateRuns](generateRuns) will generate the directories and input files for individual simulation `runs` corresponding to each unique combination of values entered into this file. Then, [runSimulation](runSimulation) can be run to run the each simulation `run`. 

The values in [project Set Attributes XML file](/acep-uaf/MiGRIDS/blob/master/MiGRIDS/Model/Resources/Setup/projectSetAttributes.xml) that can be changed are:
* Attributes of grid components that are varied from the base case values in the [component descriptor files](Model-Resource-Components-Package) found in the `projectName/InputData/Components`. Multiple values can be given for each attribute. Note that values that naturally are a list (for example `fuelCurve` attributes in [genDescriptor](genDescriptor.xml-:-Diesel-Electric-Generator) cannot be changed here, since a list input will be interpreted as multiple inputs. To change these values, a new component would have to be created. For example and descriptor file for `gen1` could be created in `projectName/InputData/Components` with the updated fuel curve from `gen0`. `gen1` would then be run in this set of simulations instead of `gen0` by selecting components to run in the `setupAttributeValues` tag of this file. 
* Attributes of the [project setup XML file](projectSetup-XML). Only one value per attribute can be given. Multiple values will be interpreted as a list. 
* The input values to the [generator dispatch](genDispatch). These input values are saved in the [generator dispatch input XML file](genDispatchInputs). The generator dispatch that is being run in this `set` of simulations, is defined by the `genDispatch` tag in the [project setup XML file](projectSetup-XML). Each generator dispatch has its own corresponding [generator dispatch input XML file](genDispatchInputs). For example, if `genDispatch0.py` is being used, then the inputs are saved in `projectNameGenDispatch0Inputs.xml`. This file is saved in the `projectName/InputData/Setup` directory. 
* The input values to the [generator Schedule](genSchedule) that is being used for this `set` of simulations and are saved in the [generator schedule input XML file](genScheduleInputs)
* The input values to the [renewable energy dispatch](reDispatch) that is being used for the `set` of simulations and are saved in the [renewable energy dispatch inputs XML file](reDispatchInputs).
* The input values to the [wind turbine dispatch](wtgDispatch) that is being used for the `set` of simulations and are saved in the [wind turbine dispatch inputs XML file](wtgDispatchInputs).
* The input values to the [thermal energy storage dispatch](tesDispatch) that is being used for the `set` of simulations and are saved in the [thermal energy storage dispatch inputs XML file](tesDispatchInputs).
* The input values to the [electrical energy storage dispatch](eesDispatch) that is being used for the `set` of simulations and are saved in the [electrical energy storage dispatch inputs XML file](eesDispatchInputs).
